Abigail Kaatje "Kate" Bosch
Date of birth: June 9th, 2157 (29)
Hometown: Brunswick, Maine, USA

Kate is the daughter of American engineering professor Magnolia Autumn
"Million" McMillan-Bosch and Dutch bioengineer Cornelius Sebastiaan Bosch.
Kate began attending the University of Maine in Orono, and pursued a
bachelor of science degree in chemistry with concentrations in medical
engineering and life support. During her senior year, her grades slipped
while she was volunteering for both the University Volunteer Ambulance Corps
and an animal hospital for community service hours. She narrowly graduated
in 2179.

Kate continued her career at UMaine, working for the university directly in
research on Saturnian and Uranian moons. A handful of major corporations,
including Falcon Heavy Industries, have fledgling research and development
colonies or orbital stations on or around Enceladus, Titan, Miranda, and
Oberon in particular. These companies, UMaine, and other land-sea-space-grant
universities contribute funds, equipment, and staff to supply and man the
research facilities. Kate was assigned as a junior technician and chemical
analyst to a team exploring the permanent settlement of Enceladus on a four-
year contract.

Almost by accident, Kate and her teammates discovered a type of extremophile
microbe which clings to the silica-rich sand that bursts from the moon's
saltwater geysers. Ordinarily it lives near vents in the subsurface ocean,
but will go into a hibernation state when blasted into the low-pressure,
low-temperature environment of Enceladus' surface or its orbit. The
organism's structure is small and strong enough to prevent it from bursting
due to a pressure differential, and the temperature drop slows its
metabolism near to a standstill. Trillions of these microbes lie dormant on
Enceladus' surface and in the skies in Saturn's E-ring. When outside of the
shadow of Saturn, the microbes will metabolize the ejecta they cling to with a
rudimentary form of photosynthesis, thus being the only life forms known to
survive unprotected in the vacuum of space.

The team won a biological discovery award from the Gas Giant Colonization
Fund, with Kate receiving recognition as a GGCF Distinguished Young
Scientist. Kate's work contract was renewed through the university to
continue with the Enceladus project. In particular, the project was to
advance with the study of the microbes, with the goal of genetically or
chemically engineering a large-scale form of their durable "cell" structure.

Work pressed on for a few more years, and the team made good strides. They
had managed to synthesize a several square-inch-sized patches of this
material, but were struggling to adhere it to anything other than itself.
Kate and a few other chemical engineers on the team came very close to a
chemical adhesive that would bind the material to many common vacc suit
"skin" materials and ordinary clothing fibers (albeit with some unsightly
discoloration), but shortly after the first working samples were crafted
(and due to be delivered to the project board), they disappeared
mysteriously.

(Lore note: a jealous young scientist also on the project but not a part of
the microbe discovery -- name of your choosing -- was upset with Kate and
her team for winning the GGCF award, and so sabotaged the patch+adhesive
project as revenge for "stealing" a discovery that rightly belonged to their
own discipline of xenobiology.)

The patch+adhesive development team had their contracts cancelled and the
research project was aimed toward a different goal. Kate, now unemployed,
began to burn through much of her savings while looking for new work. While
the university was unhelpful, she used her prior award as leverage with the
GGCF to make contact with other organizations that were funding the
Enceladus project.

Falcon Heavy Industries took her on as a chemist and medical technician, and
assigned her to the FHS Foresight to assist the Conflict Resolution Division
with scientific investigations and maintain the health of the crew.


Theme music:

Daughter - How (Main)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=63xjiLDRWBI
 
Lanterns on the Lake - Of Dust and Matter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=063x52E6qto

Jake Chudnow - Flan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6u_EWKVRoxc


