Clarence Argus Mull
Date of birth: May 25th, 2139 (47)
Hometown: Gateway, Colorado, USA

At the age of 18, Argus began attending University of Colorado in Boulder, and
pursued a bachelor's degree in Mechanical Engineering, with a concentration in
engine design and a minor in French. He became a chapter leader of the Alpha
Centauri Society (ACS Ally +1, greater public Enemy +1). He graduated in 2161.

Argus applied to work for the US Navy in California as an engineer, and was
tasked to a marine propulsion project for the upcoming Kiritimati-class patrol
ship. Just as his first promotion was coming up, his work was sabotaged by
Edward Jacob Heddings, (Rival +1) who led the project, but many of whose
design features were voted out or modified by other engineers. Argus was among
the dissenting engineers, and the youngest on the team, which made him an easy
scapegoat. He was hurried out with little more than his last paycheck and a
halfhearted farewell, not long before turning 26.

Around this same time, Argus' father, Clarence Arthur Mull, suffered a fatal
stroke. The life insurance paid out to his mother (Amelie, nee Chevalier), who
split portions out to him, his younger brother (Arthur Conway Mull), and his
older sister (Aurelie Renee Dyson-Mull). He purchased a used motorcycle, a
Mitsubishi Thunderclap V-Twin diesel tourer, and spent a few months roaming
around.

Once he had settled again, he was in Detroit, working for General Motors
Orbital Division, tasked as a systems engineer for generators and electric
motors used on heavy space station vehicles, both for propulsion means and for
operating large self-powered mechanical accesories, such as lifter arms for
spaceport cargo transfer vessels, or even down to as small as heavy industry
forklifts.

He worked at GMOD for 16 years, and early into his time there, he met a woman
named Charlotte Maia Crawford, whom he eventually married. They got on well,
and both of them ascended the ranks of GMOD's corporate structure within their
own deparments.

At one point, Argus learned of a secret within the company -- the team that
designs the lifter arms for Hercules-class cargo shunters (a common sight in
the orbits and hangars of many space stations) used a substandard alloy in
production, which has inadequate tensile strength for its intended purpose.
On-station forklifts used smaller parts from the same materials as well.

He was approached by a corporate spy for Falcon Heavy Industries ("Criminal"
contact +1), whom he leaked the information to in exchange for a payout and
later employment with FHI in case GMOD collapsed from the scandal.

While working at GMOD, Argus reached the level of branch manager, but things
were sliding downhill for the division from lifter equipment incidents. Stocks
fell and layoffs were abundant. At 42, Argus quit working for GMOD.

The relationship between Argus and Charlotte had become strained. Their careers
required much of their attention, and were pulling them down different paths.
The two amicably divorced, and Argus went on to work for FHI, following the
contact he encountered while working for GMOD. His new position was that of a
corporate intelligence agent instead of an engineer.

Argus' first assignment for FHI was Earthside, but failed, and resulted in his
reassignment to FHI Space Station Iris. Later assignments were successful and
he reached the rank of Field Agent. (Targeted corporation Enemy +1.)

He is now 47, and is working for the Conflict Resolution Division of FHI.

Theme music:

Midnight Oil - Mountains of Burma (Main)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3p0K06L93Ms

U2 - Bullet the Blue Sky
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Se1FI1Uf118

Ben Babbitt - The Stars Drop Away
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Qnu72j4Y2k

