Dorian Ieuan Howell
Date of birth: November 14th, 2141 (44)
Place of birth: Torfaen, Wales, United Kingdom

Physical description:
  Gender:  Male
  Height:  185 cm
  Weight:  82 kg
  
  Hair color: Brown
  Eye color:  Green
  Skin:       White

Characteristics:
  Str:   5  (-1)
  Dex:   6  ( 0)
  End:  10  (+1)
  Int:  10  (+1)
  Edu:  12  (+1)
  Soc:   5  (-1)

Skills:
  Jack of all trades: 0
  
  Advocate            1
  Animals (Handling)  1
  Athletics           0
  Carouse             0
  Drive               0
  Gambler             0
  Gun Combat (Slug)   1
  Investigate         1
  Mechanic            1
  Recon               1
  Streetwise          1
  Survival            2
  Vacc Suit           1
 
Equipment:
  Armor:
    Vacc Suit (TL 8) (Protection +4) (Mass 17 kg)
  
  Weapons:
    Acceleration Rifle (Slug)      (Range 250m) (Damage 3D)
                       (Mass 2kg)  (Mag 15/$30) (Traits Zero-G)

  Binoculars     (TL 8) (Mass 1kg)
  Geiger Counter (TL 5) (Mass 2kg)

Finances:
  Cash on hand:          $7,000
  Pension:                -
  Debt:                   -
  Monthly ship payments:  -
  Living cost:            -

Study Period:
  Skill: -
  Rank:  -
  Weeks: -
  
  Study periods complete: -


Dorian Ieuan Howell is the son of Welsh mechanic Colwyn Howell and Scottish-
born schoolmistress Shona Howell (née McAlister). He was born in Torfaen,
Wales, but from adolescence into adulthood, lived in Aberystwyth. He has two
younger sisters, Moira Ailsa Howell (36) and Deòiridh Morna Howell.

After the move to Aberystwyth, his father's mechanic work shifted from
automotive to marine, working as a boat mechanic at a small marina. As an
adolescent, Dorian learned to wrench, and do scuba and snorkeling dives for
ships needing repair while out of drydock.

Not long after turning 18, Dorian applied to work for Sol Mechanical, a
contracting company for providing maintenance and furnishing for off-world
colonies and space stations. He was hired as general maintenance personnel for
Callum City, Callisto, which was beginning an expansion project to increase the
habitation space foboat mechanic at a small marina. As an adolescent, Dorian
learned to wrench, and do scuba and snorkeling dives for ships needing repair
while out of drydock.

Not long after turning 18, Dorian applied to work for Sol Mechanical, a
contracting company for providing maintenance and furnishing for off-world
colonies and space stations. He was hired as general maintenance personnel for
Callum City, Callisto, which was beginning an expansion project to increase the
habitation space for residents of Callum City.

During his first year, Dorian had an electric shock accident on the job, which
caused some nerve damage that manifests as occasional numbness and stiffness of
the arms. The ensuing investigation identified that the electrician who was
tasked with preparing the area for mechanical work had failed to shut off all
of the circuits to that section of the colony.

He continued to work at the colony, redoubling his efforts and earning himself
a promotion to junior maintenance officer for Sol Mechanical. In his spare
time, he took to the bars and rec rooms of Callum City to play cards and
billiards with other who was tasked with preparing the area for mechanical work
had failed to shut off all of the circuits to that section of the colony.

He continued to work at the colony, redoubling his efforts and earning himself
a promotion to maintenance officer for Sol Mechanical. In his spare time, he
took to the bars and rec rooms of Callum City to play cards and billiards with
other colonists.

Just before Dorian's 26th birthday, the Callum City expansion project was
completed, and Sol Mechanical transferred Dorian to Europa with a promotion to
journeyman maintenance officer. The job was to support a small research station
on the surface of the moon, to repair its submersible vehicles and maintain
station chambers that extend down into the ice and ocean.

After a few years on the station, Dorian's tasking shifted to that of an
engineering assistant to the research of Dr. Vincenzo "Venzo" Demarz,
requiring dives into the Europan ocean to observe and wrangle some of the
macroscoping lifeforms for research. In the process, he and Venzo became
firm friends, and conducted several research operations together.

During one submersible expedition, a mechanical failure in one of the rear
chambers of the submersible, caused a hull breach, and high-pressure jets of
icy water battered Dorian and Kat, Venzo's co-researcher and girlfriend. Venzo
pulled Kat out of the chamber first, who then went to deploy a submersible hull
repair drone to patch the hull from the outside while Venzo pulled Dorian out
too.

The following report indicated that the submersible's hull failure was a result
of improper maintenance. Dorian argued that it was sabotage, but was fired from
Sol Mechanical nonetheless for failure to fulfill assigned duties.

Dorian began to drift between spaceports, traveling on cheap, low-priority
passenger tickets or even hitchhiking on freighters. Occasionally he managed to
scrounge some useful goods left on shipping platforms and sell them inside the
port to some shadier types. After a few years of drifting, he was hired by the
mercenary ship MV Tournesol, captained by Luc Deschamps, and as a company they
ambled amidst a maze of odd jobs.

Dorian met his current girlfriend aboard the Tournesol, Sanna Järvi, as well a
subcontracting agent for Falcon Heavy Industries while on a mission for captain
Deschamps. Where the ship flies now is uncertain, but it has many ports-of-call.


